Code optimization (#11)
Julia-meets-String-Theory/FTheoryTools.jl: docs/src/FTheoryTools/Tate.md

used in the desired factorization of the Tate sections ``a_i``. For example, if we
desired a factorization:
- ``a_1 = a_{10} w^0``,
- ``a_2 = a_{21} w^1``,
- ``a_3 = a_{32} w^2``,
- ``a_4 = a_{43} w^3``,
- ``a_6 = a_{65} w^5``,
then the polynomial ring in question is the ring with indeterminates
``a_{10}``, ``a_{21}``, ``a_{32}``, ``a_{43}``, ``a_{65}`` and ``w``.

In theory, one can consider these indeterminates as local coordinate of the base space.
For the computer implementation, this ring will therefore serve as the coordinate
ring of an auxiliary toric base space, namely an affine space with those coordinates.

Such geometries can be constructed with the following constructor:
```@docs
GlobalTateModel(ais::Vector{fmpq_mpoly}, auxiliary_base_ring::MPolyRing)
```

## Attributes

For all Tate models, we support the following attributes:
```@docs
tate_section_a1(t::GlobalTateModel)
tate_section_a2(t::GlobalTateModel)
tate_section_a3(t::GlobalTateModel)
tate_section_a4(t::GlobalTateModel)
tate_section_a6(t::GlobalTateModel)
tate_polynomial(t::GlobalTateModel)
cy_hypersurface(t::GlobalTateModel)
```
In case the Tate model is constructed over a not fully specified base, it is

> nontheless possibly to construct an auxiliary base space as well as an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nonetheless possible to construct an auxiliary base space as well as an
```
